We, the Nomobile team, have recently discussed what if they built GMS module in a camera
that  would allow to automatically upload photos
to Instagram. And today, on August 29th,
Samsung have presented a Samsung Galaxy camera, the camera on Android. The device has Wi-fi, GPS, 3G and even 4G.
There is also the function of automatic upload of all photos and video to the cloud services such as Dropbox, Google Plus, Instagram and so on.
The display is 4.8", HD-definition (1280 x 720).
The display is huge, user-friendly and capacitive and has 21-fold optical zoom.
To start shooting you should  press the special icon and move the slider. The optical zoom on Android, guys, it's awesome.
Then you can go straightly to the gallery and enlarge the image even more and more. That's crazy. What do we also have?
It's written that a remote view finder is built in the camera. There are several accessories to the Galaxy camera.
Let go and have a look at them.
Apart from the already mentioned remote view finder, the feature that allows to look at a picture having the
camera in one hand and the device in the other,
there are also several accessories such as
a micro-tripod. Taking into account that the
camera weights about 300 g,
such form of the tripod is justified. It's quite convenient
to use it. Above all, there is a special rig
which makes the Galaxy camera even more user-friendly
and it looks more like a mirrorless camera.
There are some additional lenses and a crazy
flash. I suppose that Samsung will release
some other accessories such as additional
mics and so on. I don't know how much it
will cost but I hope the price will be reasonable.
We're looking forward to the official release
of the Galaxy camera and we like it very much,
because it's awesome.